Docs: update automated testing learning objectives (#24)
rostools/r-pkg-intro: sessions/automated-testing.qmd

**Session objectives**:

The overall objective for this session is to:
-   Explain what *automated testing* means when developing packages, 

>     and deploy simple GitHub Actions to automate tests

Reviewer: "deploy" is a fairly "jargon" term and doesn't precisely say what they will do. Something like "create and upload".

Author: @lwjohnst86 Hm, I'm not sure that "upload" covers what I want to say. How about:
```suggestion
    and create simple GitHub Actions that will automatically run tests when new code is pushed to GitHub
```

Reviewer: Fantastisk! 🎉

More specific objectives are to:

> -   Deploy a GitHub Action that runs CMD Check
> -   Deploy a GitHub Action that runs test coverage

Author: ```suggestion
-   Create a GitHub Action that runs CMD Check
-   Create a GitHub Action that runs test coverage
```
